Global terrorists are now using modern technology and devices while national and international efforts to counter them have become outdated,
Global terrorism has evolved over time and terrorists are now using modern technology and devices while the national and international efforts to counter them have become outdated
be ready for less predictable security challenges as technological challenges would make responses more difficult to keep pace with.
changing demand and technology is altering the nature of job and his government wants to nurture youngsters to be job creators and not job seekers
we misuse technology and kill girls in the womb of the mother, the damage being done through generations would take another two to three generations to be rectified.
though the country is spending huge amounts to import modern weapons from other countries, what we get most of the times are outdated technology systems
changing demand and technology is altering the nature of job and his government wants to nurture youngsters to be job creators and not job seekers
yoga strengthens humans from within so that the mankind is not left behind amid the fast pace of technological development
Expressing his concern about how traditional knowledge is at risk of extinction in a globalised world , Like traditional knowledge, science has also evolved through human experiences and exploration of nature
though the country is spending huge amounts on importing modern weapons, what we are getting mostly are not latest technology systems
traditional knowledge is at risk of extinction in a globalised world, Like traditional knowledge, science has also evolved through human experiences and exploration of nature
one model of farm technology cannot be adopted uniformly in the country with such high degree of variation in soil and climatic conditions
Ridiculing Nitish for promising computers to youths, Bijli ke bina computer chalegi kya
The computers will come with a Lalu virus that will again bring lawlessness to the state
It's important to look towards affordable technology, science is universal but technology has to be local
"The technology has undergone a drastic transformation in the last 20 years,
the aspirations of the youths have to be kept in mind in this era."
At every stage of technology evolution,we have faced such doubts and questions
"The technology has undergone a drastic transformation in the last 20 years,
the aspirations of the youths have to be kept in mind in this era."
Society is becoming technology driven and it is essential to look towards affordable technology
bridge the gap between traditional knowledge and modern science so that localised and more sustainable solutions to the challenges could be found.
India wants an "equitable" agreement that will require a partnership in which "those who have the luxury of choices and the capability of technology will make adjustments to sharply reduce their emissions".
students to learn and imbibe more and appreciate all subjects, including arts, and not just science.
"The example of breaking, addition, and twisting of technology is being seen in the form of social media".
the space-based applications were very potent means for bridging the divides in society and it was necessary that the scientists worked towards reducing the cost of access to space.
Our scientists and experts have to reflect on technologies and processes that are most suitable for our rural conditions and circumstances,both in Africa and in Asia.
Lamenting that India has not been able to make an impact on the world scale in the field of science, to dream big and not to despair.
As a nation,we have not succeeded in mobilising enough private investment into science to raise our investment in scientific research to 2 per cent of GDP.
Flagging financing as one of the critical issues in promoting expansion of clean energy, investments in this area were subject to technological, commercial and regulatory risk".
in an interview, published in a foreign science journal in February, that, there are NGOs, often funded from the United States and Scandinavian countries, which are not fully appreciative of the development challenges that our country faces.
The atomic energy programme has got into difficulties because these NGOs, mostly I think based in the United States, dont appreciate the need for our country to increase the energy supply, in an interview to an American science magazine.
however the results of a survey published last year revealed that nearly 60 per cent of 2,000 Indian women PhDs in science were unemployed, not because of family commitments and personal reasons but due to lack of job opportunities.
troubled at times that science had not yet got its proper due in Indias value system.
But we did not use science and technology in our development processes as much as we should have,at the inception ceremony of the Indian Science Congresss centenary session, to be celebrated in January next year.
Laying emphasis on the highly decentralised handicraft sector.The sector faces challenges like middlemen, infrastructure and material shortage, outdated technology and facilitation to transport, access to credit among others which should be addressed.
the future lay in technology-driven agricultural growth.
it was unfair to expect the poor of the world to pay the price for environment-friendly technology.
The misuse of technology and knowledge is found to be the root cause of all evils in society
technology should be taken away from the hands of those who used it for the destruction of humanity.
Admitting that the MSME (micro, small and medium enterprises) sector was hampered by lack of finance, technology, manpower, infrastructure and marketing, and labour issues.KSEDM was being redesigned to address these issues.
claims that the CIA snooped in on computers, used by the Senate Intelligence committee as it probed if the agencys interrogations of George W. Bush era terror suspects, had been properly handled by chief John Brennan.
he does not want US companies to look for skilled and educated workers in India and China in fields like engineering, technology and science.
Technological progress without an equivalent progress in human institutions can doom us. adding that such technology "requires a moral revolution as well".
law enforcement must be legally able to collect information from smartphones and other electronic devices, making clear, despite disagreement within his administration, that he opposes the stance on encryption taken by technology companies like Apple.
the advancement of science and technology had changed lifestyle, which is affecting health.
neither has the school adopted any technological aids for teaching nor does it have any plans to do so in the future.
We tend to get mesmerised by technology and forget that the child and his/her education are really central to the whole process
around 1.6 billion people from more than 2000 indigenous cultures across the globe depend on forests for their livelihood, noted Vizag-based environmentalist Professor N Srinivas said that around 37.3 lakh hectares of forests catch fire every year even as unplanned urbanization affects bio-diversity.
But banks are also hiring experts to develop firewalls around their system to make it increasingly difficult to breach it. adding that technology has to keep pace with crime.
Congress, despite being a national party, has decided to adopt a political position, opposing both technology, change and reforms, but their exaggerated claims on the disruption of the economy have proved wrong.
Lets assume there is no Aadhaar but some information that is contained in some network gets hacked or gets leaked, that is because of the technology used there.
Given the history of abuse by governments, it is right to ask questions about surveillance, particularly as technology is reshaping every aspect of our lives.
The US is fast losing ground to countries like India and China in the field of science and mathematics
Companies in the US are having a tough time in finding right candidates in the field of science and technology, which he argued is not a good sign for the future of the country.
Only four per cent of all undergraduate students enroll in the STEM subjects -- science, technology, engineering, and maths
Nzew technology has made businesses more efficient and productive - and that's good - but it's also made a lot of jobs obsolete.
His teenaged daughters had smart phones and exchanged text messages with their friends, but he was limited for security reasons from having the latest technology.
Right now, only about a third of undergraduate students are graduating with degrees in science, technology, engineering and math -- areas that will be crucial if the US expects to complete the work that has been done by these awardees and compete for the jobs of the future.
The Congress,during 40 years rule in Gujarat,did not open a single school with science stream in the tribal areas.
The Wannacry version of the ransomware that hit computers across the world could mutate and new and more lethal versions might be around the corner.
We need to see the efficacy of the technology over a period of time and do not want to take our decision in a haste as a considerable amount of public money will be involved in the purchase.
Emission levels from trucks cannot be lowered effectively if trucks continue to run on outdated technology and highly-polluting fuel.
The long-duration eclipse period (in January next year) could cripple the satellite if no corrections are done, because the battery on the satellite cannot support long-duration eclipse
The society must concentrate to green their lifestyle (sic) and lessen the negative impact of technology on natural environment
whenever new technology is adopted for our advantage, we have to look at both sides of the coin.
launch vehicle technology was a very complex thing and in spite of hundreds of successes, there can still be a failure.
the spacecraft will need to be fully autonomous function on its own, relying on sets of electronic commands stored in the memory banks of its computers.
The commissioning of the facility also symbolises the countrys capability in establishing such world class facilities wherein technology from outside is restricted or not available
launch vehicle technology was a very complex thing and in spite of hundreds of successes, there can still be a failure".
digitisation of the cable TV was not yet completed in AP.
The conference, which is expected to have some 2,000 participants, would address key spheres such as travel and transportation, data, health and sustainability, education and skills, banking, finance and retail and the large question of technology disruption and inclusion. It would be an event like the Kerala Travel Mart (KTM) that is repeated every year to keep track of the disruptive changes happening in the sphere of technologies.
The jet engine proposal from the US, and its transfer of technology is still yet to mature.
Criminals adopt technology faster than law enforcement agencies.
Speaking about the need for proper use of the developing internet technology
Indian Army should not only use the digital advantage but also protect itself against destructive technology of adversaries.
technology is so advanced that video footage can be edited to suit one's convenience.
The major reasons for non-completion of project within the time-schedule were technological difficulties faced due to complexities of engine system, non-availability of raw materials, critical components, lack of infrastructure, manufacturing and test facilities within the country
I have got letters from over 30 owners of MSMEs expressing their frustration that they have spent crores on technology, but that is not being used.
Army should not only use the digital advantage but also protect itself against destructive technology of adversaries.
This is a technology demonstrator and it is not the ultimate.
Speaking about the need for proper use of the developing internet technology
23: Defence minister Manohar Parrikar, describing the Islamic State as "one of the best users of Internet technology", has asked the armed forces to be prepared for future cyber wars while equipping soldiers for the physical battlefield.
They use the Internet to ensure a lot of recruitment or support, and they are one of the best users of Internet technology for promoting their cause
