firm faith in the ancient Indian thinking that blended science and spirituality, and found harmony between the two for greater good of mankind.
BJP governments stress on technological development is why Digital India is being promoted.
the U.S. a vital partner for our national development as he left for his tour to draw especially on the rich possibilities of partnership in education, skills, research, technology and innovation.
use of technology and the release of an annual bulletin to highlight the oldest cases in courts would help to improve the functioning of the judiciary and create sensitivity to the pendency of cases in the country.
The quicker people are pulled out of poverty and brought into the middle class, the more opportunity there will be for global business, inviting global investors to set up cost-effective, high-technology manufacturing in India and at the same time create jobs.
the world was changing fast and science and technology would play a major role in driving development.
Sanskrit was a treasure trove of science, art and culture, and a rich source of knowledge.
There are huge opportunities for partnership in every area we can think of agriculture, agro-processing, resources, energy, finance, infrastructure, education, and science and technology,
Chitradurga district would get the fame of being a science centre as scientists are making sustained efforts for the success of Chandrayaan-2 mission from these centres.
the U.S. a vital partner for our national development, draw especially on the rich possibilities of partnership in education, skills, research, technology and innovation.
India cannot march through the 21st century with the administrative systems of the 19th century, there was need to change laws, eliminate unnecessary procedures, speed up processes and adopt technology to move beyond mere incremental progress.
The project will be executed through a special purpose vehicle, The bullet train project will take care of high speed, high growth and high-end technology
taking our economic relations to new heights, to improve technology cooperation, to improve financing of clean energy technologies, concerns about cyber security
battery technology can help farmers
digital technology can help in innovation, empowerment and democratisation.
increased mobility of capital and technology created new opportunities for avoiding tax and profit shifting
science and technology at the forefront of the countrys diplomatic engagement.
We want our scientists and researchers to explore the mysteries of science and not government processes
Emphasising the need to strengthen coastal security given Indias vast coastline, INS Kolkata is a floating technological marvel.
embrace the digital cashless world, reiterating that digitisation of economic activities is here to stay.
BJP leaders and workers should use whatever latest technology is available to them, be it social media or otherwise, to tell people the true state of things.
Kalvaris induction in the Navy is a big step in defence preparedness, for undertaking the project to construct the six submarines with technology transfer from the Naval Group (Formerly DCNS) of France.
Akshardham temple in Gandhinagar and Delhi should be a case study of how modern technology could be blended with Indian traditions.
to fill the gap of solar technology, India will start a solar technology mission with international focus, which will cover all government technical and educational institutions
digital technology can help in innovation, empowerment and democratisation.
re-use and recycling of waste should be technology driven and insisted that there should a focus on the concept of waste to wealth so that revenue models could be developed around cleanliness.
these need to be made more technology-driven so that we can create wealth from waste
we will further enhance our counter-terrorism capabilities, including in the area of technology
MPs to do their utmost to use mobile technology to get in touch with the youth
the government is using technology for accountability and transparency.
technology used at Paradip is a shining example of Make in India.
maximize the use of technology to achieve a global presence.
The thumb that once was a symbol of illiteracy will now be a powerful tool thanks to the technology marvel,
choose science and research as their profession
India had opened new frontiers in the field of science
The success in agriculture needs to be extended to eastern India and scientific and technological interventions are required to make this a reality
I myself try my level best to update myself with technology and if you want any information in real time about India, me and the selfies that you took along with me today, and for all information, please download the Narendra Modi app
I also strongly believe in the possibilities of technology and innovation to transform governance, empower people, provide affordable solutions for societal challenges and reach people in ways that were unimaginable not so long ago
We have also decided to expand our cooperation in advanced technology, science and technology, people-to-people exchanges, educational exchanges,
with the help of technology, BJP should get connected with youth
there should be no single BJP primary member whose info is not available online, BJP should even use technology for internal communication
All these things, Goa can do with the use of technology and a constructive mind
Our scientists should be able to explore the mysteries of science and not get stuck in government procedures
praising the IMD for correctly forecasting on October 6 the velocity, direction and time of the cyclone, leveraging the power of technology
The use of technology has helped in overcoming this crisis
One of the key objectives should be to work towards "technology penetration" - for instance, electricity and mobile phone reach - in the tribal areas
The Centre is working closely with states to help the flood-hit people as he pitched for technological solutions to the daily life problems and informed about the government plans to earmark Rs 10 crore for innovation
we will have to look for technological solutions
asked the entrepreneurs to float startups to produce better products using new technology to make lives of divyangs comfortable and assured them of support from the government
his government plans a major thrust in low-cost and affordable housing and sought Singapore's assistance in construction technology for this purpose
the campus should adopt solar technology and make zero discharge
Advocating for development of scientific temper among school student, NISER students to visit some of the best schools in districts at regular intervals to talk about cutting-edge technology
told principals of schools run by Vidya Bharati Akhil Bharati Shiksha Sansthan of RSS not to shun technology and take knowledge from everywhere
keeping away from technology hampers growth in all sectors, including education
asked the farming community to use more modern technology and digital India initiatives like 'Kisan Suvidha App' (Farmers' Convenience App) for their benefit to get agriculture related information
The world's best technology should come to India
Asking the scientific community to link technology with common man's life, he would like the scientists to come up with solutions to increase crop yield keeping in mind shrinking land and water resources
The medical science has become technology-driven and there is an opportunity here, asking if these issues could be addressed on a mass scale
youths need to imbibe Vajpayee's mantra of 'Jai Vigyan' (hail science) to make India modern and strong
important to modernize agriculture practices and use more technology
students in IITs, IIITs and technical institutes should resolve to give new innovations to the world
If we want science to deliver, we must not constrain it
Nothing can be a higher duty for us, whether we are in public life, or we are private citizens, and whether we are in business or explore science, than to leave the planet in a better state for our future generations
Underlining economic challenges in the current global environment, India and the UK can leverage technological prowess to create new opportunities, while seeking investments in defence, manufacturing and aerospace sectors
the 'Smart City' mission aims to integrate digital technology into rapidly urbanising environment and there is already a high level of interest from the UK in projects in Pune, Amaravati and Indore
defence cooperation with France has been enhanced and the two countries would work together in manufacturing defence equipment and developing technology
quality of argument and judgement will improve with technology being used actively
India now hopes to build a strong and resilient relationship with Israel, and gain from Israeli cutting-edge technology and defence
These initiatives provide additional avenues for investment in modern technology and human resources
This engineering should be included in syllabus and the students should be taught water technology of Gujarat and installation of pumping stations on how water can be pumped to such a great height
Doing scientific research would be made easier and science administration, too, will be improved in the country, stressing that their work should be focused on the 'five-Es' of economy, environment, energy, empathy and equity
bridge the gap between traditional knowledge and modern science so that localized and more sustainable solutions to the challenges could be found
good governance was not just about policy and decision making, transparency and accountability but also about integrating science and technology into the choices to be made and the strategies to be pursued
government is geared towards modern infrastructure and technological upgradation keeping in mind that people's aspirations regarding infrastructure have risen drastically
direct transfer of government benefits using technology, bank accounts and biometric identifier Aadhaar has helped save $10 billion in subsidies
Nothing can be a higher duty for us, whether we are in public life, or we are private citizens, and whether we are in business or explore science, than to leave the planet in a better state for our future generations
This the era of artificial intelligence andcannot lag behind, he appreciated Yuva Morcha workers for increasing the importance of technology within the organisation
IMD for correctly forecasting on October 6 the velocity, direction and time of the cyclone, leveraging the power of technology.
The use of technology has helped in overcoming this crisis
There are times when a problem portrays the importance of science for finding a solution, referring to the 2005 Mumbai floods which led to development of a dwelling structure that saves its occupants and prevents water-logging
Bilateral defence, technology, trade and manufacturing partnerships will improve so they benefit both countries
he wanted the benefits of India's significant expertise in science and technology and space to reach other developing nations, especially member-nations of the South Asian Association for Regional Cooperation (Saarc)
digitisation was so central to his vision of governance and financial inclusion, advances in cyberspace and faster connectivity were making the world a flatter place, allowing less developed nations to emerge on a par with the more developed ones
Party leaders should try for instant sharing of information with people by using technology
everyone will agree that though the decision brought some problems, it made the nation's future bright, urged people to adapt new technology of paying onlin
The example of breaking, addition, and twisting of technology is being seen in the form of social media.
use technology such as mobile apps, G-tagging and engage citizens to accelerate implementation of works related to rural roads
We will also try to increase the level of resources for science, and deploy them in accordance with our strategic priorities,
There are huge opportunities for partnership in every area we can think of - agriculture, agro-processing, resources, energy, finance, infrastructure, education, and science and technology,
It proves how affordable sustainable technology brings changes in life,
We want to build cooperation in new areas, especially some high-technology areas, that have a deeper connect with the youth in both our societies,
the need to focus on technology to reach out to the public as he asked MPs to develop at least 3 lakh followers in their constituency.
technology has made the rollout smooth in a short span on time
the agreements on manufacturing of, construction of frigates, and acquisition and building of other defence platforms are in synergy with India's technology and security priorities.
the bar and the bench to make maximum use of technology in order to improve the quality of arguments and judgments in courts.
We can look forward with confidence to increased investment, trade and technology partnerships in manufacturing, infrastructure and skill development
chart out a future roadmap of cooperation with focus on trade and investment, security and counter-terrorism, innovation and science and technology, skill development, urban infrastructure, railways and civil aviation, clean energy, development cooperation, health and alternative medicine
Now people can spend through mobile technology also
"Even when you get new spectacles, your eyes will take a day or two to adjust
the technology used for filing GST returns was so simple that a student of Class 10 or 12 could handle it."
India is a land of possibilities with excellent human resources and a technological base
a future where Muslim youth are taught the humanitarian message of Islam along with modern scientific and technological developments.
"We have to provide concessional financing and less risky funds for solar projects 
making solar technology affordable available to all nations, raising the share of electricity generated from photovoltaic cells in the energy mix and framing regulations and standards to support the initiative."
We also have a historic opportunity to embrace increased cashless payments and integrate latest technology in economic transactions.
the best place to leverage the power of technology and leapfrog into the future.
India had made a great leap forward in digital technology, with one lakh villages connected through optical fibre network, more than 100 crore people using mobile phones, 121 crore people with Aadhaar connections and 50 crore internet users.
We are focusing on state of the art technology and on the issue of railway safety
We have used technology in the working of the government, which has helped bring transparency
he and Lofven would also interact with top business leaders of both countries and chart out a future roadmap of cooperation in sectors such as trade and investment, science and technology, clean energy and smart cities.
Akshardham temples stood out for their magnificence, exceptional management and usage of latest technology.
digital transactions had increased significantly and that technology was being used to reach out to people.
India and Israel would strengthen the existing pillars of cooperation in areas that touch the lives of peoples in both the countries, which include agriculture, science and technology and security
direct transfer of government benefits using technology, bank accounts and biometric identifier Aadhaar has helped save USD 10 billion in subsidies.
The Central government is working to increase speed of trains and also striving to bring in global technology to make railways safer, as safety is of greatest concern,
"The benefits must reach the common man and that is what we are working towards
The world is driven by technology."
examine global standards in the application of technology for infrastructure creation, and their feasibility in India.
even more vigorous efforts towards coal import substitution, and application of new coal technologies including gasification technology.
"Highlighting the need to increase tax base and adopt new technology,
young tax officials to be people-centric."
Israel could be a technology partner in the process of Indias transformation.
courts could use video conferencing to communicate with government officials instead of summoning them to appear in court, saving time and money.
the two countries will review the progress of various joint initiatives and discuss ways to further enhance bilateral engagement, specially in areas such as economic cooperation, science and technology, and space collaboration.
the brightest and best in every corner of India should have the opportunity to excel in science, this will ensure that our youth get high-end training exposure to the best of science and technology to make them job-ready in a competitive world.
"Indias rapid advancement in the field of space exploration
the world realised the potential of the country after the ISRO launched a record 104 satellites in a single mission."
,Be it trade and technology, innovation and investment, energy, education and enterprise, we want to give a boost to India-France ties.
We in India believe in both exploring the frontiers of science and technology, and researching the depths of our soul.
new agreements in taxation, science, youth affairs and sports outlined the expanding scope of both the countries partnership.
corruption is not something we can have in our system and technology has a major role to play in that.
We also have a historic opportunity to embrace increased cashless payments and integrate latest technology in economic transactions
"Exhorting farmers to adopt modern technology,
his government has decided to double their income by 2022 when India would celebrate 75 years of Independence"
youths need to imbibe Vajpayees mantra of Jai Vigyan (hail science) to make India modern and strong.
New agreements in the field of taxation, science, space, youth affairs and sports outline expanding scope of our partnership
his government is using technology to develop a system where honesty is the common practice.
scientists and the institutions they run must engage with the youth and inspire them to take up science as their career.
New agreements in the field of taxation, science, space, youth affairs and sports outline expanding scope of our partnership
Through science, we can transform the lives of the poor and marginalised.
The Central government is working to increase speed of trains and also striving to bring in global technology to make railways safer, as safety is of greatest concern,
when leaders join hands and mutually share the fruits of knowledge, technology and growth, development and prosperity can increase.
I urge those involved with the start up sector to innovate on aspects where technology can help the judiciary,
"Urging people to shift to new technology in order to eliminate this menace of black money and corruption
make payments through their mobile phones"
there is a need to use technology more and innovate more.
New agreements in taxation, science, youth affairs and sports outline the expanding scope of our partnership
technology is bringing big changes and keeping this in mind, the countrys law universities should develop such kind of talents.
the two sides will encourage industry and businesses in both countries to take lead in exploiting opportunities in healthcare, tourism, information technology, agriculture, blue economy and energy.
"Urging people to shift to new technology in order to eliminate this menace of black money and corruption
make payments through their mobile phones""."
there could not have been a century where technology played an important role as much as it does now.
India is a land of possibilities with excellent human resources and a technological base".
the two countries will deepen their bilateral security cooperation against terrorist groups and further enhance counter-terrorism capabilities including in the area of technology.
The combination of traditional Indian food, with modern technology, processing and packaging, can help the world rediscover the health benefits, and refreshing taste of ingredients such as turmeric, ginger, and tulsi, to name just a few
The satellite will prove to be a boon in the progress of the entire (South Asia) region as it will facilitate natural resources mapping, tele-medicine, information technology connectivity and people-to-people contact
The campaign 'Gram Uday se Bharat Uday Abhiyan' (village self governance campaign) has been inspired by Amdedkar, who was farsighted and a votary of social harmony and modern technology,
with the help of technology his government has developing a system where honesty is the common practice.
he strongly believed that technology can and must bridge the divide between the government and the citizens.
in ancient times, India had opened new frontiers in the field of science
From being just sellers of defence equipment, foreign firms must evolve into strategic partners as India wants their technology, skills, systems integration and manufacturing strength,
the trade expo was a mega-meeting of the global supply chains, with the most advanced technology and equipment
chart out a future roadmap of cooperation with focus on trade and investment, security and counter-terrorism, innovation and science and technology, skill development, urban infrastructure, railways and civil aviation, clean energy, development cooperation, health and alternative medicine".
India would figure among the top three countries in science and technology by all parameters by 2030.
"Doing scientific research would be made easier and science administration, too, will be improved in the country
while stressing that their work should be focused on the 'five-Es' of economy, environment, energy, empathy and equity."
good governance was not just about policy and decision making, transparency and accountability but also about integrating science and technology into the choices to be made and the strategies to be pursued.
"India has the talent and France has technology
he sought closer economic cooperation between both the countries."
also wants to see a genuine global public partnership that makes clean energy affordable and provides finance and technology to developing countries to access it
that rural development is one of the opportunities to improve the country's GDP, while digitisation of villages will help in rural development.
"Emphasising that the Centre wanted to empower the states with finances, technology and knowledge so that they are able to plan better and execute even better
the Cabinet Resolution setting up NITI Aayog provides for appointment of Regional Councils with specific mandates for specific time periods."
here is a need to move forward, taking advantage of the strength of human resources and technological base.
the countries were determined to take the relationship to the next level as the two sides signed four agreements to deepen cooperation in health care and space science.
he assured Wickremesinghe of India's continuing commitment to its development partnership - in infrastructure, railways, energy, community development projects, agriculture, capacity building, science and technology, space and civil nuclear field
In addition, I hope to get insights into Israels accomplishments in technology and innovation through on-site visits
We also want to increase cooperation in science and technology, mining among other sectors
Israel could be a technology partner in the process of India's transformation
reforming the citizen-government interface and the processes of governance, innovation and keeping pace with the latest technology were challenges before the government.
credibility is the biggest challenge for media in the age of technology and it is important for media establishments to maintain it.
"throwing crumbs" at farmers would not help them and stressed on reforms in agriculture sector, referring to farming technology, infrastructure, good roads, irrigation, electricity and own house
One of the key objectives should be to work towards "technology penetration" for instance, electricity and mobile phone reach in the tribal areas,
India and the UK can leverage technological prowess to create new opportunities, while seeking investments in defence, manufacturing and aerospace sectors.
the 'Smart City' mission aims to integrate digital technology into rapidly urbanising environment and there is already a high level of interest from the UK in projects in Pune, Amaravati and Indore".
I believe that India and the UK must continue to nurture and support an ecosystem of high quality fundamental research to pave the way for joint technology development that can address global challenges,
"Noting that SCOPUS database indicates that India ranks sixth in the world with respect to scientific publications and is growing at a rate of about 14 per cent against the world average of about 4 per cent
by 2030 India will be among the top three countries in science and technology and will be among the most attractive destinations for the best talent in the world.
"
"Noting that SCOPUS database indicates that India ranks sixth in the world with respect to scientific publications and is growing at a rate of about 14 per cent against the world average of about 4 per cent
by 2030 India will be among the top three countries in science and technology and will be among the most attractive destinations for the best talent in the world.
"
the confluence of Indian and Islamic civilisations took place in Central Asia and enriched each other not only in spiritual thought but also in medicine, science, mathematics and astronomy.
Never before is India so well prepared to absorb talent, technology and investment from outside".
the success in the New Year will bring benefits of the country's rapid strides in space technology to citizens, farmers and fishermen.
the poorest should also have access to science and technology
It will not be limited to talks and exercises but cooperation in technology and equipment
India needs more scientists to harness technology for the benefit of the common man
There are times when a problem portrays the importance of science for finding a solution
the DRDO to bring in fresh blood and give leadership positions to new talents in an effort to spur innovation and technology development.
scientific research would be made easier and science administration will be improved in the country.
We can look forward with confidence to increased investment, trade and technology partnerships in manufacturing, infrastructure and skill development
good governance is not limited to policy and decision-making, it is also "about integrating science and technology in choices we make and strategies we pursue".
It's a great pleasure to begin this year in company of leaders of science from India and the world
My vision of an ideal neighbourhood is one in which trade, investment and technology flow easily across the border, where partnerships are formed with ease of routine
the decision on demonetisation has "dealt a blow to corruption, boosted digitisation and enlarged the formal economy"
laboratories, research institutions and universities in each major city to function on a hub-and-spoke model, in which the hubs will share their infrastructure, drive the national science missions and be the engines that link discovery to application.
Lauding the AP government for making full use of technology in forecasting the extent of damage, Modi said both the Union and state governments have worked shoulder to shoulder in dealing with a natural disaster like the Hudhud cyclone.
Israel is among the leading nations in the field of innovation, water and agricultural technology and "these are also among my priority areas in India's development""
We are removing unnecessary regulations and simplifying our procedures" and using digital technology to eliminate multiple approvals and endless wait.
President Karimov was also supportive of strengthening ongoing cooperation in the areas of agriculture, information technology and energy.
at a time when major powers are reducing their troop strength and relying more on technology, India is still constantly seeking to expand the size of its forces
We will make available our space assets and technology
pitched for enhanced use of information technology to solve day-to-day problems facing the society and urged budding innovators to come out with solutions.
there is a need to give impetus to reforms and technology as the day is not far when the world will look at m-governance or mobile governance.
MNCs could go in for majority ownership, provided they transfer the technology
We want our scientists and researchers to explore the mysteries of science, not of government procedures
discussions on science and technology have too often been reduced to issues of budgets, promising that he was confident that funding would grow.
it is really up to the various science funding agencies to change procedures
the commanders to upgrade the technological capabilities of soldiers at all levels.
We must use technology as a means to development, not destruction
all states to draw out priorities on advantages they can derive from space technology and submit it to the Centre
Innovation must be backed by means to make it accessible
This the era of artificial intelligence and India cannot lag behind
Two years ago, India made a promise - a promise to extend advanced space technology for the cause of growth and prosperity of our brothers and sisters in South Asia
I am convinced that when we join hands and mutually share the fruits of knowledge, technology and growth, we can speed up our development and prosperity
3.95 crore bogus ration cards had been detected over the preceding two-and-a-half years, using Aadhaar and technology.
The "comprehensive review" will have as goals "expediting regulatory processes, ensuring that technology and innovation are properly fostered, valued and protected and increasing market access"
We will help connect Africa from Cairo to Cape Town, from Marrakesh to Mombasa; help develop your infrastructure, power and irrigation; help add value to your resources in Africa; and set up industrial and information technology parks
Niti Aayog to examine global standards of technology for infrastructure creation and their feasibility in India.
India's goal to expand its installed solar energy capacity from 8,000MW now to 100,000MW by 2022 would need support from science and technology,CSIR laboratories should take up research on new materials that could increase the efficiency of converting solar energy into electricity.
Medical science today is largely technology-driven
India and Israel will strengthen the existing cooperation in agriculture, technology and security
The faster we bring in technology, the better it will be for productivity because the number of people is increasing but the land is shrinking
government would turn India from an arms importer into an exporter of military equipment through policies that would bring in the best technology.
The technology has undergone a drastic transformation in the last 20 years
the success in the New Year will bring benefits of the country's rapid strides in space technology to citizens, farmers and fishermen.
And I will once again thank Japan for helping India with technological and economical support
new and emerging technologies like Artificial Intelligence and Robotics are most important determinants of defensive andoffensive capabilities and India, with its leadership in Information Technology domain, would strive to use this technology tilt to its advantage.
India and the UK can leverage technological prowess to create new opportunities, while seeking the UK businesses to invest in defence, manufacturing and aerospace sectors in India.
Science is universal, but technology has to be local
"chart out a future roadmap of cooperation with focus on trade and investment, security and counter-terrorism, innovation and science and technology, skill development, urban infrastructure, railways and civil aviation, clean energy, development cooperation, health and alternative medicine".
the country is using technology to transform governance and deliver public entitlements and services.
the initiative was launched with an objective of bringing benefits of technology to people, especially in rural areas.
India wanted to build cooperation in new areas with Bangladesh "especially in some high-technology sectors which would include working in the fields of electronics, IT, cyber security, space explorations and civil nuclear energy".
We are collectively against growing protectionism, especially with regard restriction on movement of knowledge, technology and skilled professionals
technology from mobile to missiles can be controlled from space and added that protecting the space was very important which the NDA government at the Centre had done during its tenure.
technology is bringing big changes and keeping this in mind, the country's law universities should develop such kind of talents
A push is to be given to 'e-assessment' and anonymity of proceedings using technology, so that vested interests do not impede the due course of law
"chart out a future roadmap of cooperation with focus on trade and investment, security and counter-terrorism, innovation and science and technology, skill development, urban infrastructure, railways and civil aviation, clean energy, development cooperation, health and alternative medicine".
Common objectives of economic prosperity, strong technology and innovation ties and the need to secure our societies define the space for convergent action between us.
with the help of technology his government has developing a system where honesty is the common practice.
chart out a future roadmap of cooperation with focus on trade and investment, security and counter-terrorism, innovation and science and technology, skill development, urban infrastructure, railways and civil aviation, clean energy, development cooperation, health and alternative medicine
There are times when a problem portrays the importance of science for finding a solution
if the former Prime Minister was talking about the country where 50 per cent of the population was poor and that it wont be easy to integrate technology easily across the board, was it a reflection of his governments performance or mine?
the decision on demonetisation has "dealt a blow to corruption, boosted digitisation and enlarged the formal economy
he and Lofven would also interact with top business leaders of both countries and chart out a future roadmap of cooperation in sectors such as trade and investment, science and technology, clean energy and smart cities.
the GST replaced inspectors with information technology.
professor Bose was a "crusader" for teaching of science in vernacular languages and had started a Bengali science magazine
direct transfer of government benefits using technology, bank accounts and biometric identifier Aadhaar has helped save USD 10 billion in subsidies.
digital transactions have increased significantly and that technology is being used to reach out to people.
empowerment through digital access is the aim of the government and digital technology has saved around $10 billion so far by eliminating middlemen.
the campaign to be implemented using Information and Communication Technology (ICT) tools would contribute to the improvement in the living standards of the underprivileged.
Such initiatives should be taken across the country as it will help us in realising the significance of ICT in decentralised governance, in better service delivery, particularly education, in financial inclusion, and e-commerce
We need to develop ways and means to reduce our carbon foot print through technological innovation
Many countries could do more if additional finance and technology were available.
Today's [Thursday's] successful Agni-V test launch is another milestone in our quest to add to the credibility of our security and preparedness, and to continuously explore the frontiers of science.
the people had believed that scientific temper would help India make the transition from a traditional to a modern society.
India's atomic energy programme represented a very significant step towards technological and energy self-reliance and security.
Acharya Jagadish Bose was a pioneer in ushering in a new area of modern science in our country.
He was truly an innovative man and taught us new ways to connect and communicate
Calling for the use of India's abundant intellectual resources to find new pathways of development
Science and technology can help restore economic growth to the old rate of eight to nine per cent and enable India become a knowledge society
Science and technology have to play a major role in the transformation of our economy
the size and sophistication of the Indian securities market had been increasing at a very rapid pace and Sebi also needs to move ahead accordingly in terms of human and technological capabilities.
We need to do much more to change the fate of Indian science
the endeavour of science should be to develop a scientific temper in the common man.
The panel suggests that the IITs take on the challenge of creating an advanced research based innovation eco-system with the involvement of industry and national technology related programme
We have also agreed to launch a ministerial-level dialogue on energy security, establish a water technology partnership and start negotiations for an agreement for transfer of sentenced persons
Germany is also a key partner for India in areas like infrastructure, manufacturing, science and technology, higher education, vocational training and clean and renewable energy
Singh said the endeavour of science should be to develop a scientific temper in the common man.
This will help us in realising the full potential of ICT in decentralized governance, in better delivery of services, particularly education, in financial inclusion and e-commerce
In addition to supporting domestic investment, we have given clear signals that we welcome foreign investment which has a critical role in bringing in modern technology and globalizing our economy
DRDO to concentrate on key strategic and military technology areas to ensure weapon systems are developed without huge time and cost overruns.
Science and technology will play an important role in transforming the country.
The agreements cover information technology, new and renewable energy, communications and enhancing connectivity by air and sea, and Singh said, ``I informed the President of our decision to extend a Standby Credit Facility of $100 million
We look forward to expand defence cooperation anchored in technology transfer, co-development and co-production in India
For India,the US remains a key source of technology,investment,innovation,resources and one of the most important destinations for our goods and services.
India today needs national leaders from the fields of science and engineering
CSIR needed to devote itself to these national challenges in the years to come and will have to take up national leadership in science,engineering and technology.
Expressing fear that growing culture of narrow-mindedness might affect the creative,imaginative and innovative instincts of the countrys youths,that the Centre hopes to formulate a new Science and Technology Policy that will not only upgrade the existing policy documents of 2003 but will also attracts youths to science and technology.
Our government has invested as never before in the science sector,,.
With UPA facing allegations of corruption, today said his government wants to use new technology to curb dishonesty and bring transparency in governance.
Our younger generation must adopt a science-based value system in order to benefit from what science can offer and make up for lost time, ,.
congratulates scientists for PSLV launch.Hailing the successful launch of PSLV carrying Radar Imaging Satellite (RISAT-1), said it was an important milestone in India's space programme and congratulated the ISRO scientists for displaying mastery of the complex launch vehicle technology.
India was keen to ensure induction of the best technology and also to encourage domestic production of the equipment needed for adding solar capacity.
The statement comes two days after , a group of editors here that French President Nicolas Sarkozy had given an assurance to him about full implementation of the nuclear agreement, including transfer of sensitive technology.
during a visit to Germany last year, to relax export control laws to allow high technology trade with India.
Our government has invested as never before in Indian science.
the two sides will talk about "giving depth and greater meaning" to the Comprehensive Economic Partnership Agreement, strengthen people-to-people contacts, boost cooperation in science and technology, and coordinate thinking in matters relating to security and global events.
Scientists hailedThe successful Agni-V test launch represents another milestone in our quest to add to the credibility of our security and preparedness and to continuously explore the frontiers of science,congratulating the DRDO team.
who left for Berlin on a three-day visit Germany is also a key partner for India in areas like infrastructure, manufacturing, science and technology, higher education, vocational training and clean and renewable energy".
As adopting green technology results in substantial increase in production cost,the government might assist small scale industries to shift to green technologies, most of which are patented, hence expensive.
in his address at the Summit attended by 125 world leaders,many countries could do more if additional finance and technology were available.
We agreed that information technology, services, electronics, small and medium enterprises, manufacturing, fertilisers and renewable energy constitute important areas of cooperation ,addressing media persons jointly with Morsy.
This spaceship to Mars will be a huge step for us in the area of science and technology, his Independence Day address from the ramparts of the Red Fort here.
We believe that it will bring modern technology to the country, improve rural infrastructure, reduce wastage of agricultural produce and enable our farmers to get better prices for their crops," ,virtually ruling out any reversal of the decision.
In addition to supporting domestic investment, we have given clear signals that we welcome foreign investment which has a critical role in bringing in modern technology and globalising our economy.
At a time when India lags behind China in science output, asked hundreds of women scientists who left their career mid-way to return to the academic field where he promised to provide more amenities for them.
I hope that their examples will motivate other women to take up careers in science, where women are under-represented, ,.
Inaugurating the 101st Indian Science Congress in Jammu,government had created new institutions of excellence for higher education in science, simplified research funding and announced scholarships to draw high-school students to the sciences.
I would like science to be high in our value system so that our entire society provides both moral and material support for its development, , told his audience, mainly senior scientists, science policy makers, and research scholars.
government had invested in several areas and scientific missions to ensure that India remained at the cutting edge of science.
India should not succumb to unscientific prejudices against genetically modified crops, signalling his governments resolve to continue to support a technology that has been shown to improve crop productivity but remains embroiled in controversy.
the Centre was committed to providing an enabling environment to encourage growth in information technology.
The Union cabinet recently approved the Mars orbiter mission,in his speech, adding that the Indian spacecraft tasked with gathering important scientific information will be a huge step in the area of science and technology.
Pointing out that in a country like India, the objective of a comprehensive policy for science, technology and innovation must be to support a sustainable and inclusive growth, Research should be directed towards providing frugal solutions to our problems of providing food, energy and water security, how to give practical meaning to the concept of sustainable development and green growth.
They are aware that computer science and ECE will fetch them good jobs,in his initial analysis of the engineering admissions this year.
"Close to 40% mining graduates get placed in core companies, and around 30% in information technology and software companies,The rest pursue higher studies in Indian Institute of Mines, Dhanbad or abroad".
Wests India EnvyIndias scientific and technological attainments, highlighted among others by Pokharan nuclear test and Aryabhattasatellite, though source of self-confidence within the country, seemed to cause concern in some parts of the highly industrialised world.
Iran asked for nuclear technology as well as a military training school for its officers somewhere in India, again offering substantial monetary compensation for both, India would not play its friends against one another.
a time of introspection as issues like increased mechanisation, protection of environment, social demand on safety at workplace, large-scale introduction of information technology in the mining industry, more difficult geo-mining locales and cost considerations posed challenges to the mining industry.
More opportunitiesPresident the youths of South Asia should not remain hostage to baggage of history, and urged that they should have more opportunities in education, health, technology and employment generation.
While stating that technology in healthcare has to be harnessed to increase access to quality medical treatment, Mr. telemedicine project, using satellite technology, has connected remote health centres with super-specialty hospitals in urban areas.
Let us collaborate in industries, trade, renewable energy, tourism, culture, and let us support one another in technology, education, and in the capacity-building of our peoples.
Committing to continue investment in basic sciences,science must be used to transform our society, citing the example of technological advancements that could help reach banking services to the poor.
Stressing that science and technology was a priority for India from the early days of Independence,As early as 1951, the country decided to set up an Atomic Energy Commission which has enabled India build her own reactors.
On the issue of affordability, technology-based initiatives including telemedicine could be employed to broaden the reach of healthcare.
Commonwealth nations must join hands on mega science projects.
Commonwealth nations must join hands on mega science projects, where hundreds of scientists and students from over 30 countries have gathered.
Interacting with Officer Trainees of Indian Information Service (IIS), asked them to hone their skills as the pace of change in the field of information technology and social media is mind-boggling.
Observing that India is in the throes of attaining global leadership,that such a status could be attained if only the benefits of the nations peace and progress reached each citizen, and in the present times, technology gave the hope to realise that goal.
there is a deficit in research in strategic areas of space technology, defence, medical science and technology and environmental science.
The training imparted and the ethos instilled at the institute empower the air warriors to keep abreast of the state-of-the-art technology used in modern weapon platforms .
On the issue of affordability, technology-based initiatives including telemedicine could be employed to broaden the reach of healthcare.
Advocating the need to create greater awareness of the chemical industry, honouring Professor C.N.R. Rao with the Bharat Ratna would spur greater interest in chemical science and technology.
Israel has created water and food surplus by successfully using technology.
boys and girls from every social and economic context from every corner of the world must have the opportunity to learn the rigorous tools of science to understand the mysteries of our planet and the universe.
Calling the teachers to imbibe technology in imparting education, today said they should instill in children civilisational values of sacrifice, tolerance, pluralism, understanding and compassion.
the IISERs to train students to pursue rewarding careers in science and technology, considering the vast pool of talented science graduates the country needs.
that emphasis has been laid on science education to switch to knowledge-based society.
With girls comprising 36% of student population, it is heartening to see how IISER, Bhopal has provided impetus to gender equity in science education and research in the country," .
I would urge you to build up a symbiotic relationship with industry so that complex technology can be put to daily use," .
I have no doubt that a community that has such high literacy, talent and discipline is bound to continue on the path of advancement and growth.
Parsi business houses have been at the forefront of building institutions of science, medicine and culture and they have also led our corporate sector in philanthropy and initiatives for social development, who had declared the community as being "unequalled and unsurpassed" in charity and philanthropy.
Pranab said universities should resort to innovative ways of teaching and put technology to greater use.
Information and communication technology (ICT) enabled courts will ultimately help in moving to the next level of full fledged e-courts," at the concluding ceremony of the 150th anniversary of Calcutta high court at Netaji Indoor Stadium on Sunday.
My government will bring a renewed vigour to our engagement and intensify it in all areas, including trade, investment, science and technology, energy and education .
Addressing a gathering at Vigyan Bhawan here on Tuesday at the 63rd National Film Awards ceremony, : "Particularly, this year I am noticing that not only the feature films, actors and those who are associated with feature films but all aspects of cinema, including the technical aspect and massive digitisation has made India one of the largest film producing countries in the world".
agriculture and allied sectors are driven by innovation and technology ,.
Indias information technology sector as also the renewable energy, natural gas and hydrocarbons, sustainable tourism, infrastructure and health and wellness sectors are open for partnerships and foreign investment.
Inaugurating the five-day Namami Brahmaputra Festival organised by Sarbananda Sonowals BJP-led government, also said this was the time that adequate infrastructure backed by appropriate technology was built up to make Assam the hub of Indias Act East Policy.
At the inauguration,the fact that whether it is in the world of business and industry or art and letters,leading our defence forces or breaking new frontiers in the field of advanced science and technology,the Zoroastrian community in India has always extended itself and reached the highest echelons of achievement and success.
the coastal district of Udupi in Karnataka had developed into a region of advancement and progress.
research and development were key to advancement of the sector.
the industry must also ensure adherence to safety and international health and environmental standards and promote sustainable development by investing in technology that safeguards environment and stimulates growth.
Speaking at the launch of SWAYAM, SWAYAM Prabha, National Academic Depository (NAD) and National Digital LIbrary (NDL),the spread of technology, Internet and telecom penetration present a unique opportunity to bridge the divide between access and quality education.
adaptation and application of new technology to Indian conditions and requirement would open up new market opportunities and these must be made an integral part of the courses that our students attend.
Media has expanded with increasing use of technology and the influence of social media has also increased over the years, on Monday.
said adaptation and application of new technology to Indian conditions and requirement would open up new market opportunities and these must be made "an integral part of the courses that our students attend".
On initiatives to promote science,a new Science, Technology and Innovation policy was unveiled by the government to accelerate the pace of discovery, diffusion and delivery of science-led solutions for faster, sustainable and inclusive growth".
The new science, technology and innovation policy will pave the technology-led path for change ensuring prosperity with peace and inclusiveness,at the congress.
Yoga is both an art as well as a science and has amazing curative and preventive powers for the well-being of humanity, on International Yoga Day on Sunday.
litigation is often time-consuming, alternative dispute resolution mechanisms like mediation and arbitration must be encouraged besides use of technology solutions.
Another Nobel Prize in science is long overdue for India.
said it was technology and entrepreneurship that will drive our countrys production to optimum levels.
Delivering the valedictory address at the end of the three-day Pravasi Bharatiya Divas-2017, the diaspora can collaborate in the areas of science and technology and biotechnology with institutions and entrepreneurs in India.
he believes that India can meet the challenges of sustainable inclusive growth by using innovation and technology as key drivers and enablers of growth.
The measures include putting in place robust legislative and administrative frameworks and systems with due focus on capacity building, integration of information through technology and fast-tracking prosecution, .
who spoke in the presence of Afghan Chief Executive Officer Abdullah Abdullah an important aspect of counter-terrorism strategy is capacity building to prevent attacks through intelligence collection and collation, development of technological capabilities, raising of Special Forces and enactment of special laws.
My government will come out with a comprehensive National Energy Policy and focus on the development of energy related infrastructure, human resources and technology, in his address to the joint sitting of Parliament today which outlined the vision of the newly elected government.
On the role of universities, they have to be the breeding ground for creative quests and cutting-edge technological developments.
sked the NITs to nurture world-class and professionally competent engineers who will not only take India to new heights in technology but also improve the quality of life of the people.
science and technology must be made "more inclusive" and not just benefit "a select few" sectors".
Our pursuits in science and technology have to be more inclusive and encompassing, improving the lives of our vast population," while addressing an event to mark the 19th National Technology Day here.
in the U.S. Congress had helped in changing the old perceptions about India and triggered discussions on the countrys capabilities for future opportunities in areas like technology and investment.
the close interface of the DRDO with the Navy in developing technology products is was well matured.
in todays world of information and information technology, only quality education would make discerning citizens out of students who were capable of filtering through the huge flow of information to imbibe real Gnana (knowledge) or attain education in real sense of the word.
though there were many youngsters who could come up with interesting innovations if given the right training, the State lacked the necessary facilities to that.
The State government was keen on giving this atmosphere of freedom for the development of science and the setting up of the Srinivasa Ramanujan Institute for Basic Sciences was one such initiative intended to help scientists do research freely,
Information and Communication Technology (ICT)-enabled learning would be extended to the lower primary classes in public schools in the State from the next academic year
of the three regional solid waste treatment plants proposed to be built shortly using new technology, the first one would come up at Brahmapuram in Kochi
the government would procure modern technology and equipment to strengthen the disaster management network in the State.
C. Ratheesh KumarIndividuals and society have a critical role in the development of science, which is vital for progress
Dearth of funds was not the prime issue in the State,promising that the State government was according high priority to implementing the right technology.
efforts were on to promote quality research in science and technology through special schemes.
with globalisation and technology transforming the academic world, it was vital that Kerala made use of the opportunity to improve the prospects of higher education through transnational education
a centre for assistive technology for the visually impaired would begin soon in one of the southern districts in the State.
The government will give priority to ensuring that the benefits of modern medical technology and treatment options are accessible to the poor
there was need to introduce young talent into the field of science even as the nation celebrated its scientists.
The major allegation of the LDF was the UDF ministry had protected the interest of a few minority group in allocating colleges under the UDF reign was baseless as the government had allotted as many as 26 new arts and science colleges in the state in past four years, in which 23 colleges were allotted to public sector and three to tribal organisations
the plants would use modern technology that would not pollute the surroundings.
Kerala had emerged as a model in e- governance and digital technology.
Kerala was the first State to formulate a science policy based on the National Science, Technology, and Innovation policy.
science and technology have been expanding the vistas of knowledge.
STEP (Start up of Technology and Etrepreneurship Programme) will be flagged off soon for research and development of rural technology.
the STEP was aimed at promoting entrepreneurship based on technology.
the government was considering a proposal to equip the Department of Agriculture with a division for agricultural engineering and technology.
a student technology incubation centre would be set up at the Lal Bahadur Shastri Engineering College.
The Kerala State Council for Science, Technology and Environment (KSCSTE) is preparing a master plan on technology deployment in key sectors to aid sustainable development
finding technological solutions to the problems faced by the common man was as important as atomic energy and space science.
there was no secrecy regarding the information technology policy of the government as alleged by the Leader of the Opposition.
though Kerala topped in education and health indices of development, it lagged behind in information technology.
CTCRI would soon set up a technology incubation centre with financial assistance from the Small Farmers Agri Business Consortium to produce value-added products from tubers.
the youth entrepreneurship programme started in the information technology and telecom sectors would be extended to agriculture, health, cinema, culture, tourism and other areas.
technology was fuelling this surge of entrepreneurship by providing platforms to market their products and services.
land would be acquired for setting up an information technology park at Areacode in Malappuram district.
social justice and backwardness will be the top deciding factors when the State government selects applications for opening aided arts and science colleges next year.
there was a need for a change in the science policy of the state.
it is the first-of-its-kind science exhibition in the state featuring over 100 stalls of various scientific institutions across the nation, displaying models and innovations.
a possible end to the longstanding denial of sophisticated dual use technology to India. US defence department was working to sort it out.
Given all the interests and values we share, I'm confident that we can continue to work through any differences".
He has also done his part to make sure the American people benefit from advances in technology, and opened up more opportunities for women, minorities, and other underrepresented groups
For our part, the United States continues to look at our export controls to make sure Indian companies have the same access to American technology as our closest allies
a possible end to the longstanding denial of sophisticated dual use technology to India. US defence department was working to sort it out.
Given all the interests and values we share, I'm confident that we can continue to work through any differences".
a possible end to the longstanding denial of sophisticated dual use technology to India. US defence department was working to sort it out.
Given all the interests and values we share, I'm confident that we can continue to work through any differences".
his teenaged daughters had smart phones and exchanged text messages with their friends, but he was limited for security reasons from having the latest technology".
their work would lead to new products and technology, some of which can't be anticipated yet, and would inspire future scholars and scientists.
On the concern raised by some environmentalists that the thermal plant would adversely affect ecology and health. NTPC used the most sophisticated technology that he claimed was 99.99 per cent efficient in controlling fly ash.
the festival would provide an opportunity to film connoisseurs to watch and enjoy 145 films from 45 countries and their quality, technology, technicalities, outdoor settings, artistes, culture and lifestyle.
Karnatakas Startup Policy is targeted at nurturing 20,000 technology-based startups and 6,000 products by 2020.
Karnataka was perhaps the only State to constitute a vision group for science and technology, which, he said, has been functioning under Bharat Ratna awardee C.N.R. Rao since 2008.
the State was in talks with 10 countries, including Sweden and Poland, to pool in research and technology in the field of solar energy.
technological advancement has helped the government run the administration more effectively and reach out to beneficiaries quickly.
advancements in technology should particularly benefit farmers and people from rural places.
The project will generate zero waste and use the latest technology to generate power from garbage.
Mr. Modi had not developed Gujarat as projected by the BJP, adding that Gujarat was lagging far behind Karnataka industrially and in terms of software technology.
application of science and technology could maximize agricultural yield with minimal use of water.
progress in science and technology should be utilised for the progress of the society.
a start-up council under his chairmanship would review implementation of the policy on a regular basis for feedback and suggestions.
These days, fewer students are taking up pure science.
Japan has evinced interest in funding and sharing technology in a bullet train project in Karnataka,
a country can witness growth only through scientific and technological progress and by imbibing rational thoughts.
politics and religion had become outdated and that this was an era of science and spiritualism.
Speaking on use of technology in agriculture.Karnataka is in the forefront.
Even today, I feel as a student of science.
the country has been lagging behind in higher education and universities must concentrate on providing quality education while laying emphasis on basic science.
the state has a unique and powerful combination of engaged citizens, hi-technology and outstanding talent supported by a well-oiled governance machinery.
Going forward, the new information technology policy and the Rs 1,000-crore textiles policy will give a fillip to exports from these two sectors
as many as 4,500 services will be brought under m-governance, a major step in the field of information and technology.
More programmes in Vedic science should be encouraged.
Chetana is an initiative to empower the girl child with technology, exposure and mentoring.
Maharashtra is in the process of setting up the information technology infrastructure with fibre optic network, which can roll out multiple digital applications, and connect 29,000 gram panchayats by 2018 at an investment of approximately Rs. 5,000 crore under the MaharashtraNet programme.
the government will rope in Cisco and some other companies to set up a special purpose vehicle for creating the information, communications technology backbone for digital connectivity.
Digital connectivity through fibre optic network will help leverage technology to not just provide education, health services, and generate employment, but create virtual markets, enhance productivity, and eliminate middlemen from agro-marketing chain
The CBSE social science and history textbooks have ignored Maratha history and glorified the Mughal era
If needed, the squads have been allowed to take the help of foreign experts and the world's best technology
Gowariker was fairly acquainted with the various problems afflicting the country and was highly capable of finding solutions as a scientist, although he was mainly recognized for his contribution to space research, weather prediction science and population".
the city-based National Remote Sensing Centre will develop the application for three cities and then for all urban areas of the state".
simple innovations can lead to big technology.
Indian paddy growing farmers and rice mill owners have to opt for the latest technology if they want to remain competitive at national and international level.
"With the use of robotics and 3D images, technology has brought about precision in healthcare.
the state was signing an MoU for establishing a water grid for the Marathwada region that will use Israeli technology.
Im sure in time to come, we will see many Israeli businesses, mainly in technology and agriculture flourishing, collaborating and cooperating with Indian businesses.
the development of Crime and Criminal Tracking and Network System (CCTNS) has now paved the way for greater interchange and exchange of information and spreading of a vast network of database available just a click away.
Gowariker was fairly acquainted with the various problems afflicting the country and was highly capable of finding solutions as a scientist, although he was mainly recognized for his contribution to space research, weather prediction science and population".
he was impressed with the role played by technology in agricultural development in Israel, which he witnessed during his visit in 2015.
With the help of technology and experience of Israeli players, ours will prove to be the best water grid.
With the help of technology and experience of Israeli players, ours will prove to be the best water grid
Through cloud computing technology and big data analytics, we hope to bring greater efficiency and accountability in the functioning of the administration.
But with the upgradation in technology now, flyovers should be completed in 12 months
to ease traffic movement in Thane city we have planned to make use of Ro-Ro technology wherein container-traffic could be transported in huge ships.
A comprehensive policy adopting an advanced technology to treat garbage to create wealth from waste will be enforced across the big cities in the state.
Along with bringing about a technological transformation using high bandwidth, improving transport and creating affordable housing remains our top priority to smarten the commercial capital
the government plans to develop Mumbai as the fintech capital, Pune the information technology capital and Nagpur the logistics capital of India.
the state government was working on combining human resources with skill development to revive the MSMEs with added advantage of technological upgrade.
his government will optimise technology to take benefits of medical treatment to the poor and people living in rural areas.
We, as a government, are taking help of every technology to take benefits of treatment to poor and in rural areas, even using cloud computing
at a time when India is the fastest growing economy in the world, is developing infrastructure and technology, Modi is simultaneously addressing the problems of a common man.
at a time when India is the fastest growing economy in the world, is developing infrastructure and technology, PM Modi is simultaneously "addressing the problems of a common man".
the most important component of the project is the technology transfer".
The farmers in Maharashtra stand to gain hugely from Israel's agro-technology and water management systems
The farmers in Maharashtra stand to gain hugely from Israel's agro-technology and water management systems
the new launch gave the customers new benchmarks in technology, design and performance
Dr. Kurien showed that how cooperative dairy could be made profitable for farmers and farm labourers by ensuring an assured market for their produce even while adopting modern technology for processing
the NFTDC is an advanced technology centre actively involved in high technology research in the areas such as aerospace, energy (conventional and nonconventional), automotive, biomedical, process engineering and environment sectors.
as part of the initiative, student teams from III B.Tech would identify a problem faced by the community, which requires technological solutions, and work towards designing a solution to solve the problem.
the government was keen on encouraging research and development in science and technology to make the State a knowledge hub.
there should be no more than five departments in any medical college, for performance assessment, clinical communication skills, therapeutic management, biomedical science and healthcare.
We have many applicants for the PPJ (psychology, political science and journalism) combination POJ (political science, optional English, journalism) and HEP (history, economics, political science) are also receiving many applications.
the academicians from JNTU and Osmania University, will also grace the event and the conference will set the scene in nurturing innovative practices, creative grassroots, application of technology and others.
a waste to energy power plant would be set up with European technology.
the SPE was started in USA in 1871 and the students pursuing petroleum technology course in the college were members of the society.
This is in tune with the Chief Ministers plan to make AP an education and knowledge hub and using technology for best results
NRIs will be roped in as partners in developing their alma mater for installation of computers at a cost of over Rs. 100 crore to help students learn and gain hands-on experience
Thanks to ever-changing technology, the next set of electronic gadgets vanishing fast are VCRs
A meaningful story which can connect to film-goers and a good script is what is needed most, even if we now have the technology to reduce the cost of production
A similar technology is used abroad
Mumbai is ideally suited to be a fintech hub as it is the countrys financial capital
The biggest problem for us with regard to hiring is that there arent enough people who want to study computer science in Europe and the UK
Weve had to hire maths and science graduates
the state police took unique initiatives like introducing new technology and imparting training to the police to deliver good services to people.
the state police took unique initiatives like introducing new technology and imparting training to the police to deliver good services to people.
As far as infrastructure was concerned, the city police were not equipped with sophisticated technology but for complicated cases, the city police sought the help of the Cyber Crime Police Station in Bangalore, which has State-wide jurisdiction over offences committed under the Information Technology Act 2000 and the Intellectual Property Rights Act which had staff working round the clock
a computer lab in the city was helping the police with technological know-how as well as training police personnel.
Officers of all ranks were given different kinds of computer training to build up capabilities within the city police to use technology in different capacities in policing
traffic system has so many technical aspects that it has become a science.
RDIF technology-based ETC in India shall create a credit card for making payments, like in any other developed country
JAIPUR: The SHG-bank linkage programme is leveraging technology and efforts are underway to bring more than 1.27 lakh groups on to the digital platform under e-shakti project covering over 1.46 million households across 18,500 villages
The biggest benefit is that they can grow even in completely dry tracts of the country and that too without any irrigation
ending the stamping of hand baggages of domestic travellers at Delhi and other airports, reducing wait time during checks, use of modern technology at every corner of the airport and courteous behaviour were part of CISF's excellence.
Some 1,000 police constables have been freshly recruited and with technology and support, we can change this culture of traffic indiscipline
The purpose behind this initiative is to make good use of information technology and provide better service to consumers
The use of server and internet GIS technology will further enhance the skills
ending the stamping of hand baggages of domestic travellers at Delhi and other airports, reducing wait time during checks, use of modern technology at every corner of the airport and courteous behaviour were part of CISF's excellence.
The company would install large scanners and sufficient number of computers to facilitate scanning and evaluation of answer-books
Various sessions have been lined to deliberate on how broadcasting of science-related programmes can be improved
This workshop also aims to provide inputs on science-related issues from the rural parts of the country, agriculture, environment and ecological issues, technology and even health
that ending the stamping of hand baggages of domestic travellers at Delhi and other airports, reducing wait time during the checks, use of modern technology at every corner of the airport and courteous behaviour, all are part of CISF's quality excellence.
It is a myth that Armymen are fit to fight on borders only. person does not need to know rocket science to be a successful registrar Referring to the opposition by a section of academics to these appointments. We have already waited for long to see the varsities change for the better, but in vain.
NBRI technology can last upto a year if stored at room temperature
it is the only scheme in the world which provides flexible job opportunity to women who have a break in career and are without job.
It is necessary to increase its quality production using technologies developed by CIMAP
Any student who has passed PG in any subject of arts, science and commerce and wants to pursue PhD or MPhil or those students with disability who have enrolled themselves for PhD or MPhil in 2012-13 can apply for this fellowship
We noticed widespread appearance of 'Khaira' disease in rice but the crop damage can still be prevented
the decision (on Gennova) was science-based and keeping in mind the data and regulatory framework of the country.
Some of my clients, particularly oil companies, insist on international brands for the sake of technology
The nets that are being fixed by the MSRDC are definitely not fool-proof to stop the rocks from falling.
The three divisions have 50 assembly seats and if the BJP manages to take advantage of the division of secular votes, the NDA may have a comfortable position in the new assembly
there have been proposals for usage of technology that converts bagasse into compressed natural gas (CNG).
The new technology can help reduce nearly 50-60% of the present emissions, though a number of technical challenges remain.
JERC, in its previous order in April, 2014, decided that CREST would sell electricity to the UT electricity department at Rs 1.13 as the department of science and technology was getting a grant from the government for the solar project.
So, professional courses like Operation Theatre assistantship, library and information science and medical laboratory techniques are popular among the inmates
While visiting Oslo, Germany and other foreign places, I witnessed a panorama of the old areas of the city and was intrigued by the use of mere photographic prints as back then there were no digital technology.
The automated system will reduce human intervention and all decisions will be taken by computers to see if an applicant has cleared the test or not
More resources will be pooled in and use of precast technology will be made for erecting structures
the work at the galleries was almost done, however, the digitisation work was on.
Minista has replaced Nidhi Kesarwani, who has been posted to the science and technology department as special secretary,
He has a sixth sense when it comes to reading pitches, and every time he comes here we discuss at least six hours about the pitch behaviour
Not only this,there is dental scaling with water jet lasers,treatment for cataracts,ultrasound machines a lot of improvement and advancement is being seen in the canine healthcare sector
the JPC that TTSL got in principle approval for use of dual technology in 20 circles along with letters of intent given to new licensees on January 10, 2008.
Though there is a small school in the basti for the children to receive education, there was no arrangement for teaching computers as we did not have resources to procure them
I don't recommend that government should attack Pakistan only to bring Dawood back, but mounting pressure at international platforms are the only option left for us, as we are equipped at par with the US on machinery and technology.
Apart from the study of health and disease, knowledge of health economics, ethics, patient rights, behaviour change communication and information technology should inform and influence the design and delivery of our healthcare systems
information technology would be the first course that would take off since it does not require much infrastructure.
We are also gathering information from neighbouring Bengal about latest technology that will control pollution so that those in the ceramic industry can be informed
the Indian diaspora to focus on four Ts - talent, technology, training and team work - which play an important role in achieving success.
the Union government had not given even one rupee for her government's Rs.912-crore scheme to provide laptop computers for all school and college students.
The government will set up two engineering, seven polytechnic and 11 arts and science colleges in small towns in the current academic year
in the last four years the government had started four engineering colleges, 11 polytechnics, 24 constituent colleges, besides launching 959 courses in the arts and science colleges.
the monthly honorarium of guest lecturers of government arts and science colleges would be increased from Rs. 10,000 to Rs. 15,000.
why technology should not be utilised to bring in transparency.
China is gradually relinquishing its leadership position in the garment sector due to its rising wages and production shifting to high technology sectors.
China was gradually relinquishing its leadership position in the garment sector due to its rising wages and production shifting to high technology sectors.
China was gradually relinquishing its leadership position in the garment sector due to its rising wages and production shifting to high technology sectors.
revenue intelligence officials to use their discretion fairly and reasonably in their investigations and use technology to deal with offenders.
The government will explore [the] use of blockchain technology proactively for ushering in digital economy
With the innovative technology and user-friendly features at the digital stores, SBI has led the way in digital innovation in the Indian banking industry
chief executives of public sector and private banks that a task force under the Additional Secretary in the Finance Ministry will be set up to oversee the process.
Banks must continue to play an important role in supporting Indias economic growth. digitisation will go up in the near future.
Banking is going to be more of technology-enabled and effort is now on to expand banking to every unbanked corners of the society
We prefer it if the process is technology-driven, with the human interface kept to a minimum
And the first signs of greater digitisation, expansion of the tax base of direct and indirect taxes is already visible
This is a very important step forward by the CBDT and the principal reason being technology as a very powerful tool becomes an enabler
increased banking penetration and use of technology in payments will reduce the prevalence of unaccounted money.
technology is bringing out a change in the behaviour of users and customers.
the fact that the SBI was launching its digital wallet in 13 Indian languages was an indication that this technology was not going to be restricted to a technologically savvy group of customers, but is going to be spread across the country.
he also discussed the future agenda for the capital markets regulatory body, including the evolving technological and policy changes".
Out of 168 million rural households, as many as 120 million households do not have computers and are unlikely to have digitally literate persons
It beats me no end that some political parties are listing the virtues of the cash economy when the world is moving towards digitisation and there is global cooperation against tax havens, tax evasion and stamping out the shadow economy, parallel economy and move towards more formal economy
the key challenges faced by the Indian agriculture are the need to increase productivity by leveraging technology-especially for high yielding and resistant variety seeds and efficient utilization of water.
he also discussed the future agenda for the capital markets regulatory body, including the evolving technological and policy changes.
money laundering, round-tripping, tax evasion and the creation of shell companies had become a standardised practice that was not difficult to detect in the age of technological advancements.
A DigiGaon initiative will be launched to provide tele-medicine, education and skills through digital technology.
The I-T department would leverage technology and data analysis for e-verification of cash deposits made during the demonetisation period.
Why shouldn't we make use of this technology if it helps us catch tax evaders.
Bankers to push digitisation and electronic transactions.
The economy has to expand and the trade has to expand and therefore what shrinks has to be substituted and further expanded by digitisation.
Transformation of post offices into a bank will be the next revolution.
Demonetising on the one hand helped in tackling all these problems, while on the other hand, led to increased digitisation of transactions and reducing the overall impact of shadow economy among others.
This has also increased the trend towards digitisation of economy, (will) act as disincentive to continuing to deal in a shadow or parallel economy and lead to a further integration of informal with formal economy.
Promotion of start-ups and entrepreneurs, particularly in the technology sector, is the need of the hour.
The media censorship is not possible today "because of the technology itself"".
Rahul Gandhi was looking for ways to disrupt Parliament and his party was siding with "black money friendly status quo", when Prime Minister Narendra Modi is being "futuristic" to create a technology-driven cleaner economy.
It was meaningless in this era of technology revolution as criticism made within the country gets spread all across the world".
The compulsion of going digital after the note ban has now become a habit and e-payments would gather pace on account of the government's initiatives and technology advancement
It is proposed to develop 10 prominent tourist sites into Iconic Tourism destinations by following a holistic approach involving infrastructure and skill development, development of technology, attracting private investment, branding and marketing.
Excessive use of paper currency is detrimental to society and hoped banking transaction charges will fall with the entry of new players.
More and more countries were becoming tax compliant with the use of IT and other technology as detection has been made easier.
He also discussed the future agenda for the capital markets regulatory body, including the evolving technological and policy changes
It has been evolving with changing nature of economy and with increased tools of technology now being available.
Demonetisation, which had slowed economic activity and put the common man at much inconvenience, was aimed at flushing out black money, eliminating fake currency, striking at the root of terror financing, converting non-formal economy into formal one to expand tax base and employment and giving a big boost to digitisation of payments to make India a less-cash economy
It is a tax incentive to support digitisation of economy.
And the first signs of greater digitisation, expansion of the tax base of direct and indirect taxes is already visible.
Because of advances in technology, the issue of cyber-security and need for rules and a common approach for cyber-security are going to be increasingly important
That's troubling to the international community, since the science is unequivocal
Asking Americans to focus more on science, mathematics and technology.
There is a growing realisation across the world that clean energy technology is the way to the future
Discoveries in science and technology not only strengthen our economy, they inspire us as a people.
The successful landing of Curiosity - the most sophisticated roving laboratory ever to land on another planet - marks an unprecedented feat of technology that will stand as a point of national pride far into the future.
These innovators are working to help keep the United States on the cutting edge, showing that Federal investments in science lead to advancements that expand our knowledge of the world around us and contribute to our economy.
In a global economy where the best jobs follow talent -- whether in Kolkata or Cleveland -- we need to do everything we can to encourage that same kind of passion, make it easier for more young people to blaze a new trail.
Without mobile technology and internet, Anna Hazare's fast wouldn't have received such support from across the country.
The BJP government had started science stream higher secondary schools in these areas to enable tribal youths become doctors and engineers.
Teachers to make best use of technology in teaching without any discrimination and keeping them away from technology would be considered as a "social crime".
Equal attention has been given to R&D in Make in India campaign
We have ensured that the advantages of technology are not restricted to a select few but are there for all sections of society.
The project will touch the lives of the people of Afghanistan, Bangladesh, Bhutan, Maldives, Nepal, Sri Lanka and India through regional cooperation in the area of space technology applications in telecommunication and broadcasting, tele-medicine, tele-education, e-governance, banking/ ATM services, cellular back-haul, meteorological data transmission, disaster response and networking of academic and research institutions.
With the setting up of the birding trail, we plan to improve the concept of science education and recreation for those who visit the garden, including researchers and birding enthusiasts.
Laptop computers would be given to Scheduled Caste and Scheduled Tribe students who opted for professional courses from the current year
High resolution cameras and latest technology would be used in the form of graphics for gripping narration
The following courses with Intermediate (10 plus two) as qualification were covered by AUCET 2011: five-year integrated MS programme in science and arts (applied chemistry, geology and economics in AU and mathematics and computing, petroleum exploration, biotechnology, microbiology and economics in AKNU); five-year integrated dual degree programmes in engineering (CSSE, CSIT, EEE, ECE, civil and mechanical branches) leading to B.E. plus M.E. or B.Tech.
The department will showcase the old values of postal services running from ancient times to the latest web-based postal services.
It is a matter of pride that KSCA is showing the world how to make use of technology in cricket infrastructure.
The new businesses are part of an integrated financial-technology play for Paytm and will not be standalone units.
His journey in the field of IT development began with the installation of a typing machine at his office in 2005 and his success is evident as he received the highest awards for e-governance, both from the Union ministry of information technology and Computer Society of India in 2008.
Apart from tourists, schoolchildren form a large portion of the number of visitors and it made sense to package the museum experience with the best of technology.
Technology is our main forte; we take pride to say that we have a technical team who are doing wonders for us.
Under this tracking system, we are going to start a pilot project of tracking ordinary mail items, wherein the postal department would paste a barcode on each bag of postal articles leaving selected post offices.
We expect to start three more UID registration stations here and 40 new UID registration centres in the state by July 15.
Kolkata needs a technology leapfrog, scaling up of public transport, integrated multimodal transport options, car restraints and walking for clean air.
There is no other motorized mode that is as cheap, but bikes should move to fuel injection technology which is far more efficient.
For a supportive environment, the idea for EVs to achieve success and popularity needs an enabling environment.
It is a given that the future technological paradigm is tilted in favour of EVs, but a lot needs to be done to make it successful.
This (affidavit) protects the automobile industry and car users as combating vehicular pollution requires tough measures to restrain cars, encourage public transport and leapfrog vehicle technology.
Training would be imparted for interested candidates in apparel technology, computer technology, mobile repair, beautician, fashion designing, carpentry, mason, motor driving, sewing, embroidery and other courses having good demand in the market.
We will use waste plastic technology in all our construction as it is eco-friendly.
It just proves that if you put your mind together and take advantage of technology, such achievements are possible.
After the pilot project of converting four classrooms into smart classrooms involving use of digital technology for teaching and learning, the NDA will have another 23 smart classrooms over the next one year.
To meet the challenges in the farm and food sector at the national and international level, technological interventions are required at every step in the complete food chain and there is a need to build collaboration between the industry and institutions for developing affordable, sustainable and scalable farm technologies.
These programmes run for years and there is opportunity waiting to be tapped even in high-precision designing and numerical control tools for component manufacturers.
They made their debut at the 16th national level science congress and thereafter, it participated at the 17th,18th and now the 19th congress
We have asked respective Plus II schools to provide details about vacancies of teachers in mathematics, science and English subjects
The Anurag-Nitish app, along with six other science models in six other categories presented by students from different CBSE schools in India, was selected from among 448 contenders at the three-day exhibition held at Vivekananda School in Anand Vihar, New Delhi, from February 8.
Among the challenges faced by modern science are practical ones such as production and distribution of enough energy to meet increased demands and elimination or reduction of pollutants in the environment.
The main objective of technology was to make things safe and comfortable by solving problems ranging from simple to complex.
His experiences at the premier science institute moulded his career in the space organisation.
India was now ranked among top few countries in making advancement in space research.
By June this year there would be a new technology that would solve this issue.
With a strong and clear vision to develop and apply space technology for societal and national development, the Indian space programme had been orchestrated well with distinct elements such as satellites for communication and broadcasting, earth observation, space science studies, space transportation systems and related application programmes.
India is now rated as one of the top six countries having end-to-end capability in space technology.
There is a big demand for location-based services and geospatial technology for applications such as vehicle tracking.
There are two avenues: enter the technology development field and provide solutions to Isro in terms of launch vehicles, satellites, etc; or make use of developed technology to provide it to consumers.
The organization has enhanced its technology with the development of heavy lift launchers, reusable launch vehicles, cryogenic engines, low-cost access to space, development and use of composite material for space applications".
ISRO has made great progress in space technology.
India has achieved tremendous progress in many fields and is making rapid advances in medicine, information technology, biotechnology, nuclear and space technology due to its highly skilled young workforce.
In the past for development and progress more and more non-renewable energy has been utilized which will not last for long therefore we need to come up with solutions which are different from the past and that is possible only through newer findings of science and technology.
The technological demonstration flight of the Reusable Launch Vehicle (RLV) is scheduled for September at Sriharikota in Andhra Pradesh.
We have an advisory committee on Science with Professor U R Rao as the Chairman, so that committee will decide what should be our priority, what planets we should be doing, what science studies we should be doing
science as it is known today is of relatively modern origin but the traditions out of which it had emerged "reach back beyond recorded history".
We have an advisory committee on Science with Professor U R Rao as the Chairman, so that committee will decide what should be our priority, what planets we should be doing, what science studies we should be doing
ISRO will provide satellite-generated information to the railways through space technology-based tools that will provide safety at unmanned level crossings, reply to a question on how will ISRO help the Railways in using the navigational support system".
Powerful new technologies offer opportunities to help address challenges, create new information sources, networks, communities and social interaction.
Advancements in technology help in prognostication of natural calamities 40-90 hours in advance
India is in top position in cryogenic technology in the entire world because of greater participation of youth in the research activities.
The commissioning of the facility also symbolises the countrys capability in establishing such world-class facilities wherein technology from outside is restricted or not available
The ISRO has been continuously working on realising its vision on use of space technology effectively for the country's development, governance and delivering benefits for common people
Reema aspired to become a doctor and was adamant that she would clear Class 12 with good scores in science though we suggested that she change to commerce or arts
When we raided the office, we found many girls and boys wearing headphones and talking in English with an American accent through computers
Aided by the central government funds under Rashtriya Krishi Vikas Yojana (RKVY), the required infrastructure and technology is being arranged for the IAHP for aggressive growth in animal husbandry and poultry farming sectors
Aspirants should acquire proper knowledge on film-making and keep abreast with the ever transforming technology for a long-lasting career
Unless we get the report of the two-member forensic science laboratory (FSL) team which examined the room of the incident among other things on Wednesday, we cannot go further
I believe, job opportunities are more in Bangalore and in fact, most of the NRIs who are seeking to come back are from the technology background so Bangalore becomes the preferred choice
to meet the challenges, ICAR-CIFA developed the breeding technology of striped murrel in hatchery condition which is all set to make a difference in the fish farming sector
We will integrate the best technology with human intellect to secure best results, the measures to be taken to put Visakhapatnam back on rails.
his aim was to make Andhra Pradesh a crime-free State in the country through the use of latest technology in forensic labs and that he had directed for immediate introduction of the system.
imparting good education, Referring to examples of technological and scientific achievements, the younger generation should exploit technology to the maximum level for advanced growth.
the State government was ready to give away 50 acres for world class science museum at Tirupati.
It is the first ever such innovative use of technology in tackling drought, the government would continue to provide protective wettings as and when and where necessary across the State.
adopt technology in making furniture.
Defence production could be a major factor in further strengthening the long-standing relationship between Russia and India in the Defence, aerospace, shipbuilding, technology, and other areas, he would always be available for those willing to set up industries in the State.
Smart was not in terms of technology alone but providing better standard of life to the poor- basic amenities, hygiene, education, health, livelihood, Mee Seva, promoting LED lights, solar power, water conservation, soil testing, greenery, bank accounts for every family and with emphasis on happiness through collective efforts.
these projects would provide 13,000 jobs directly and 10,000 jobs indirectly in Visakhapatnam, a city which would become the hub for Andhra Pradeshs future information technology scene.
Giving a presentation of e-Pragati, real time governance, internet of things, cyber security and AP Fibergrid, Andhra Pradesh was ahead others in using technology.
the State government would use Tata Groups knowledge and expertise in technology and other areas to build smart cities.
come up with a road-map illustrating their proposal to integrate ICT to Government of Andhra Pradesh programmes.
Invites Microsoft to APPraising the Microsoft initiative, with infusing right ideas and technology, AP could be the next Silicon Valley.
the State took up energy conservation and efficiency measures on a large scale and it looked forward to the support of companies like Zynergy which have the technology and expertise in implementing such projects.
youth had come up with some innovative ideas that helped in the smooth conduct of the festival and that they had the potential to do many wonders in the technological and other fields.
on Thursday technology should be used for development of the poor.
his focus was on successfully implementing waste management technology in the State before suggesting the same to others.
Monetary Authority of Singapore (MAS) and reputed consultant KPMG have joined hands with the State government for development of Visakhapatnam as a FinTech (financial technology) Valley.
here on Thursday technology should be used for the development of the poor like use of fibre grid to strengthen knowledge hubs and turn villages smart.
Who disclosed this in an open letter, said the Government was planning to spend over Rs. 5,000 crore on introduction of technology in the management of power sector.
Thanks to technology, I will be able to see how a file is moving, or how many streetlights in Visakhapatnam are in good shape
The Government would form a joint committee with the Indian Space Research Organisation (ISRO) to examine ways in which state-run universities could utilise data and technology available with the Bengaluru-based agency in areas like remote sensing, navigation and space exploration
the Home Department had decided to employ improved technology for handling cybercrime.
The government will promote entrepreneurship and technology-supported infrastructure development to improve the productive sector and create new livelihood opportunities
the Technology Vision 2035 document prepared by TIFAC envisaged a road map for India in harnessing technology for sustainable development in 12 key sectors.
Malayalam should become a scholarly language in which works even in the areas of science and technology should be written and read
He was also of the view that the State should strive to plug leakage of scarce resources using mobile technology and linking distribution of subsidised products such as kerosene with Aadhaar
digital technology had become imperative for the development of modern industries and the general well-being of the State.
Kerala is one of the States with the highest human resources where science and technology has enough space to be utilised for production enhancement.
Progress of the State has a straight relation with the adoption of technology by the new generation
his government would take measures to set up Silicon Valley-like centres in Kerala to boost the information technology sector and discussions are on with experts such as Infosys co-founder Kris Gopalakrishnan in this regard.
all the services of the State government will reach the citizens through information technology in the coming year.
The government proposes to widen State highways and district roads and modernise them using the bituminous macadam bituminous concrete (BMBC) technology
there should be a mass movement to protect science, wage a battle against superstitious beliefs and rituals and also remind 'those in power' about scientific temper, when they propagate pseudo-science.
To ensure safety and law and order, the integration of technology in policing is the need of the hour
the policing system in the state should be modified with people-friendly projects integrated with technology.
Security features on lottery tickets will be enhanced with the aid of modern technology
to tackle the problem of disposal of garbage, the Government proposed to invite expressions of interest (EoI) to identify proper technology to set up two garbage treatment plants by September.
Once the technology was identified, the plants would be completed within a year
The government will initiate the process for selecting a new single engine fighter jet to be built in India with extensive technology transfer as soon as the guidelines for giving a bigger role to the private sector in defence manufacturing is finalised
the tablet computers would immensely help students to learn for themselves in school and at home.
the government had used latest technology DGPS survey to arrive at the figures that land encroached by the mining firms was 9.284 ha and not 578 ha as estimated by the Shah Commission.
With technology you can make a difference.
Technology can be a solution to many requirements of our country
Highlighting a few recent norms that encourage indigenous military capabilities through local procurements, as also foreign technology tie-ups where required,
"apart from the infrastructure and technology to contain garbage menace, Goa needs to have an effective and efficient managerial set up
a team would be sent abroad to see the working of technology in Germany"
India is likely to fulfill its dream of making missiles entirely with indigenous technology within the next two years
In around two years, India will not have to import the technology to make missiles like it has been doing all this while
IITs are nuclei of technology education
shipbuilding activity is in the doldrums and in this condition, economically, the industry is suppressed and probably an advance in technology can help it.
the investment policy seeks to promote non-polluting projects in industry, tourism, information technology and the health sector.
the Union government can look at Italy, Russia and South Korea for transfer for technology (ToT) to build 12 mine counter measure vessels (MCMV) for the Indian Navy at the Goa Shipyard Ltd ( GSL ).
We can think of giving tablet computers to students of Class V and we will need your help
An ultra modern mixed waste treatment plant will be set up in Bainguinim to cater to the waste generated in Tiswadi and central parts of Goa. The technology for the treatment plant will be finalized by the end of May.
No deal has been struck with Russia for procurement of fighter aircraft equipped with stealth technology.
What we need is technological innovation in tackling the security, particularly because many foreign tourists are visiting the state
his government would "tentatively" float an expression of interest or go for a tender to identify the "correct working technology" to treat garbage in Goa.
My government has given stress on generating local employment by providing nearly Rs 549 crore in the sectors of industry, labour and employment and information and technology.
Goa Shipyard Limited (GSL) will continue to build the 12 minesweepers for the Indian Navy after floating a fresh request for proposal seeking a technology partner.
the proposal for microfilming (reproducing a document on film), scanning and digitisation of archival records at the directorate of archives and archaeology is under way.
I have issued directions to the police to use every means, including technology, even Google maps, to nab the culprits. He has asked police to check Google as it provides 24X7 mapping of the state..
While it was decided to have three garbage treatment plants in Goa, the technology for the first one had been selected and four contractors were in the race to set up the plant on BOOT (build-own-operate-transfer) basis.
India and the US are very close to finalizing transfer of technology under Defence Technology and Trade Initiative (DTTI) for an aircraft carrier.
possible future areas of cooperation in high-technology defence platforms and armaments
the government has identified the flow process to tackle garbage, and accordingly the contractors will have to make a presentation on the technology they would adopt in setting up such a plant before a committee.
Only proven technology will be selected and then the financial bid will be opened
the materials technology conference is significant because India shares $1 billion of the Global Heat Treatment market, growing at 12% per annum.
After the Mopa airport becomes a reality, the college can be utilized for aviation industry courses along with pure science courses and research work
his government had enhanced the quality of arms and ammunition over the last one year and would come up with Defence special zones or Defence technology parks to promote Defence industry.
the government was considering a move to set up defence technology parks or defence special zones on the lines of IT parks or economic zones.
The state government will provide notepad computers to students of standard V and VI in the coming academic year
We need to develop technology and system appropriate to evolving military doctrine
IITs are nuclei of technology education.
My government has given stress on generating local employment by providing nearly Rs 549 crore in the sectors of industry, labour and employment and information and technology.
The technology has been finalized and the process cycle of the plant has got the approval of the National Environmental Engineering Research Institute (NEERI)
The technology developed to eradicate the cash transactions was easy to learn. A minor child can teach a related mobile application to the elder generation.
In our discussions today, we looked at how this could provide further energy and momentum to our partnership on defence technology and manufacturing.
But by letting it (technology transfer through FDI) hanging in balance, and importing (the equipment) does not make sense
the details of the hundred per cent digitisation would be unveiled in the state budget 2018-19 which will be placed before the Legislative Assembly next month.
digitisation is the best thing that can happen to our country.
original equipment manufacturers, which provide technology and help strategic partner set up joint venture with Indian companies, to get approvals from their country.
the DRDO's transfer of technology deal with yoga guru Ramdev's trust will fetch Rs 50 crore revenue for the people of Leh region.
"But I think it can also be substituted by involving yourself in more technology institutes like IIT and others" with the participation of students.
Most schools will have wi-fi within three to four months, so that when the students get their free notebook computers, they can be used to the fullest
But all the computers will have an interactive educational software which will help students to understand lessons taught in class better
Free tablet computers would be distributed to students of Class 5 and 6 in the next academic year
Parrikar, who was the first chief minister in the country to distribute free computers to school students in his first stint as the state's chief minister in 2002
The GSL is free to take technology from any company, including the Korean one, which has not been blacklisted.
Japan is a privileged partner in the 'Make In India' initiative including the defence technology sector.
With an aim to boost the startups, the government will create a new technology innovation fund for defence aerospace
Rely on technology to make services leaner
They use the internet to ensure a lot of recruitment or support, and they are one of the best users of internet technology for promoting their cause.
the technology is important for modern warfare
We need to develop technology and system appropriate to evolving military doctrine
If we could increase transplant survival rate by using nano technology, that would be a great medical service
"In our discussions today, we looked at how this could provide further energy and momentum to our partnership on defence technology and manufacturing.
the technology developed to eradicate the cash transactions was easy to learn
The Goa government will not allow more coal to be handled at Mormugao Port Trust until companies involved in its transportation come out with technology to control the pollution caused by the fossil fuels movement
the government has already written to companies transporting coal to come out with technology on clean handling of the fuel.
such a technology exists in Europe which allows handling of coal without causing any pollution.
effective technology would be introduced to improve solid waste management in the City Corporations.
With 14 sectoral conferences, this event will open up business opportunities in aerospace, green energy, financial services, food and agriculture, ports, logistics, ship building, information technology, biotechnology and other sectors
the State government would give maximum thrust to science and technology in all its developmental activities.
SRIBS had come into being as a research-centric institution at a time when the State was witnessing an upsurge of interest in science education.
The State government is taking up a slew of IT initiatives to help the State keep pace with the rapid growth of technology and to transform peoples lives and facilitate businesses
A new plant with innovative technology would be ready in 18 months at Brahmapuram
the country could achieve progress only through advancements in science and technology.
his government is determined to put the State's information technology (IT) sector on the fast track of development.
the Cabinet had decided to shift the solid waste treatment plant at Vilappilsala that had invited much public protest, and build a plant at another site using new technology to treat waste from Thiruvananthapuram city.
the framework of education should change in tune with the growth of technology.
the State government is committed to providing infrastructural facilities for science and technology ventures.
the Life Sciences Park coming up at Thonnakkal, near here, offered Kerala an opportunity to take an early lead over other States and make up for what it had lost in the information technology sector.
